hey there everybody and welcome back to
the Miss Pandora beta my name is da
spellin over at the lake of stars and i
have found this rare mob that was at in
the last patch now I'm pretty sure he
was just in general before but you
couldn't like he had a horribly horribly
long spawned timer I mean he even had a
achievement thats related to its called
a worthy appoint opponent and oh that
spell that he was about to cast does
about 250,000 damage and it hurts lots
of her ow oh god no he hurts oh dear God
does this mob heart stop that I'm scared
I'm going to die I've just a horrible
feeling about this oh god I can do it
you can do it kill them
how no no no no no oh dear
oh oh oh I'm dead but I'm not dead
oh I dad so as you can see they are so
lovable because I almost got him down
but he hurts let's hope we can get over
there really quick eat up and take them
down I want to show you what he drops I
heard that there's also a hozen over in
valley of the four winds and there's
probably one in each zone respectively
so they're probably also louisville to
they are just as that thing says
powerful ok let's I have a lot of food
it's just eat oh I don't want to use my
grill let's all my there we go
think also i'm going to start out this
with our method it this time here that i
could just go blood if i fail again I'm
really dive is always good good move
though oh oh I saw that person
coming over I was like oh no no no hmm
bad news oh ok they do take care bro it
seems like my
oh it's still hurting me and he's not
targeting me oh that's joyous come on
help me out priest
priest why you know help me I can't
understand you your alliance I'm sorry
I'm trying to understand you and it's
not oh dear ow I will survive uh oh
dear oh I'm dead oh I'm not dead oh this
is intense no no more water bolts the
pain you're putting me through dude oh
yeah oh and then I died oh that's
hilarious I'll go collect my loot now
see a worthy opponent defeat one of the
powerful champions at the pendaran of
the pandaren races that wander the
continent this one seems to always
respond here he has a about 30 minute
spawn timer and as you can see like
usual defeat one of each type of
pendaran champion so after you defeat
this one you can go and get another one
small bag of goods hollow Reed little
companion in mizzou robe which is a blue
of 450 mastery and haste on it decent
let's see what's in that loot ok small
bag of goods
i right-clicked you open a command you
to open i'll just use their it's an
Aquos traitor so it is right there oh
look at home and the actor has pretty
actually really decent decent stats
because uh this is considered a rare pet
so looking at me so tiny and cute
alright like how they walk it's cute
there you go now i will i will open this
bag open this back and you'll like it
Wow
or not
Oh bother
yeah where's that room does have a
special model not really but really damn
read but i want to show you that there
are rare spawns now in the game so if
you want to fly around you can get an
achievement for it you can also get the
pet water Strider from this guy from the
Hosen and viola for ones which i'm not
sure where he spawns otherwise i would
show you that get off that wall he drops
a banana which it's like a blue item and
30 minute cooldown you throw banana on
the ground wherever someone runs over it
the first person to run over it next
will fall so that could be a control
item and looking for a raid you have it
and warrior tank goes to charge in
whoopee fell I'm thinking that the Hosen
might be up in this village so I'll go
check really quick because this is the
only place that's the only place i know
of that would have a hozen just
chillaxin and also as you can see that
been to coon
that was a yellow mob so if you're
questing or something you won't get
engaged by that because that guy will
destroy you while you're leveling
there's no doubt about it he had a lot
of health and he hurt like I barely got
him down buck buck I think that's just
quest mob I was questioned aab nope does
not look like either he's not sponder he
he just doesn't spawn over here i'm not
exactly sure where he does so nope well
the Hosen is yet to be found by me if I
find him I will take him out and he will
not be happy because I will not be
paying he will in that banana and I'll
relog see if this opens up if it doesn't
oh well that's all for now i'll see you
next time